= Brewery

This project rocks and uses MIT-LICENSE.

== Contributing

To start contributing you first have to checkout our code from the git
repository.
Check out our source code at: https://raw.github.com/brewery-project/brewery

Please do every code change (be it a bug fix, or new feature) in a logical
branch of your code. After your code is ready to be relased, do a merge request.

Please commit your work in logical commits (not too small, not too big) which
will help the developers of the project to review your work more easily.

Also make sure that for every bug fix or new feature has excellent code
coverage and adheres to our code guidelines.
Code that does not pass the tests, or has insufficient test coverage will
not be merged.

We wrote a git commit hook which will run the test suite, plus checks
the code agains the coding guidelines. If one of this test fails
the commit will be aborted. This ensures that every specific commit adheres
to our standards, and so the end result will.

Installing this git commit hook can be done by creating a symlink between
the code and the commit hook file.
The exact command for this is
`ln -s check-code-compliance.sh .git/hooks/pre-commit`

== Coding guidelines

This project tries to follow the Ruby Guidelined outlined at
https://github.com/bbatsov/ruby-style-guide.
The commit as of writing this document is
https://github.com/bbatsov/ruby-style-guide/blob/33dd05613a2afbfeb945d4fe229b3f0d4bcc2c7d/README.md.

We will update this document and the direct commit link, if we decide to use
newer versions of the document.

We don't enforce this policy via a checking tool but rely on peer reviews and
common sense to follow these rules.

If by any chance you find a file that doesn't follow the rules please create
an issue ticket. An even better idea is to fix the issue yourself and create
a merge request, but remmeber to keep this in a seperate branch and to keep
your commits clean.